fix(lang/syn): restore silent-fail behaviour for CrateContext::parse in IDL build (#4520)
otter-sec/anchor: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - lang: Restore silent-fail behaviour for `CrateContext::parse` in IDL build so that crates using modern Rust syntax (e.g. precise-capturing `+ use<T>`, Rust 1.82+) no longer break `--features idl-build` ([#4513](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/issues/4513)).

Reviewer: This is overly verbose, and changelogs link to fixes, not issues.
```suggestion
- lang: Avoid fatal errors in IDL building when modern Rust syntax is in use ([#4520](https://github.com/solana-foundation/anchor/pull/4520)).
```

Author: Thanks for the review, youre right prolly not a good long term fix. I opened #4521 to track the syn 2.0 migration, and updated the FIXME to reference it.
